docs: More detailed introduction for Option and Result (#15)
taxfyle/FxKit: docs/core/result.md

# Result

The `Result` type, also commonly known as "Either", represents values that can be either an `Ok` value
or an `Err` value. This type is particularly useful for error handling, allowing you to represent either
a successful computation with a value or an error with a message or other error information.

For optional values that do not carry errors, you should use the [`Option`](option) type.

## Overview

> In many programming scenarios, operations can either succeed or fail. The `Result` type provides a type-safe
> way to handle these outcomes explicitly, avoiding throwing exceptions. Exceptions aren't are not good to
> report failures, because exception aren't part of methods signature and compiler doesn't help tracking
> unhandled exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many programming scenarios, operations can either succeed or fail. The `Result` type provides a type-safe
way to handle these outcomes explicitly, avoiding the use of exceptions. Exceptions are not ideal for
reporting failures, as exceptions are not part of a method's signature, and the compiler doesn't enforce
handling them. Additionally, exceptions are known to degrade performance.
```

Author: Done
